Fix LevelDB and changes in docker image (#641)
soramitsu/kagome: docs/source/tutorials/kagome_in_docker.md

## Runing Kagome in docker container

In this tutorial you will learn how to execute Kagome-based Polkadot-host chain which can be used as a cryptocurrency, and interact with it by sending extrinsics and executing queries.

### Prerequisites

1. Docker container runtime must be installed in your OS
   ```bash
   # In Debian-like OS (Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, etc.)

>    apt-get install docker.io

Reviewer: As far as I understand this is obsolete now.
https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/#uninstall-old-versions

Author: Agree. Replaced by lint to docker's official site

   ```
2. Image of kagome docker container is soramitsu/kagome 

   ```bash
   # In Debian-like OS (Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, etc.)
   docker image pull soramitsu/kagome
   ```
   
3. Directory containing configs and keys 

### Launch Kagome applications in docker

#### Brief

```bash
docker run \                        # Run docker container
  --interactive \                   # Interactive mode
  --tty \                           # Allocate pseudo-TTY
  --rm \                            # Remove container (not image) after stop
  --user `id -u`:`id -g` \          # Delegate current user permitions in container 
  --volume `pwd`:/kagome \          # Map current directory to directory in container 
  --publish DOCKER_PORT:HOST_PORT \ # Bind ports
  soramitsu/kagome \                # Name of docker image of Kagome
  APPLICATION \                     # Startup application...  
  ARGUMENTS                         # ...and then its arguments
```

#### Example

> For example we wanna run validating in docker container with configs from [here](first_kagome_chain.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example we want to run validating node in docker container with configs from [here](first_kagome_chain.md).
```

Better to stick to more official style)

Author: okay =)

> Run follow commands: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following commands: 
```
